vulkan: Programmatically add RoundingModeRTE to all shaders when the device supports it (#21572)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: docs/build.md

On Debian / Ubuntu, you can install the required dependencies using:
```sh
sudo apt-get install libvulkan-dev glslc spirv-headers
```

> SPIRV-Headers (`spirv/unified1/spirv.hpp`) are required for the Vulkan backend and are **not** always pulled in by the Vulkan loader dev package alone. Other distros use names such as `spirv-headers` (Arch), `spirv-headers-devel` (Fedora / openSUSE), or `libspirv-headers-dev` (some Debian derivatives). On Windows, the LunarG Vulkan SDK’s `Include` directory already contains these headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPIRV-Headers (`spirv/unified1/spirv.hpp`) are required for the Vulkan backend and are **not** always pulled in by the Vulkan loader dev package alone. Other distros use names such as `spirv-headers` (Ubuntu / Debian / Arch), or `spirv-headers-devel` (Fedora / openSUSE). On Windows, the LunarG Vulkan SDK’s `Include` directory already contains these headers.
```
